writing/idea4-5.md, before:

## A continuation of the ideas file
### Idea 4
1. **Explain your idea for a class project.**  
A bare-bones compiler/interpreter formatted in a game-like sense that accepts a file as input and hopefully provides a number of case-by-case solutions to common python errors.
2. **How is the idea connected to computer science?**  
It is directly tied to code compilation and attampts to allow users to 'teach themselves' by participating in a code-like game
3. **What is the article's reference to support this idea? Note: Articles are no older than five years**  
_Learning by Taking Apart: Deconstructing Code by Reading, Tracing, and Debugging_ is the title of the piece, need I say more?
4. **What is the central thesis to the article?**  
"This paper argues that several lines of research support the premise that people who are learning to write code to spec can learn more efficiently if deconstructionist activities (reading, tracing, and debugging) are incorporated in the learning process." --Quoted from Griffin, P. 151.
5. **How will this article support your idea?**  
This article doesn't simply support the idea, but provides a baseline of research on the background proposing that the style of learning propogated by the proposed project. In short, the article provides a peer-reviewed and researched background as to _why_ we would pursue a project such as this.  
[article](http://delivery.acm.org/10.1145/2980000/2978231/p148-griffin.pdf?ip=141.195.69.30&id=2978231&acc=ACTIVE%20SERVICE&key=A792924B58C015C1%2E8BFE97D7B60D9F36%2E4D4702B0C3E38B35%2E4D4702B0C3E38B35&__acm__=1540952916_985f5fe5bd3d0a94806a242db35ab67a)

### Idea 5
1) Explain your idea for a class project.

2) How is the idea connected to computer science?

3) What is the article's reference to support this idea? Note: Articles are no older than five years

4) What is the central thesis to the article?

5) How will this article support your idea?

Commit message:

update markdown standard for new files

writing/idea4-5.md, after:

# Ideas and articles


## Date: 24 Oct 2018
## Group Names: Jonathan Mendez, John Scott, Matthew Jones, Carson Quigley




For each of your five ideas, please respond to the following. Each person is to submit a markdown document containing the names of his or her group members.

Please be sure that you justify why your idea is of interest to discrete structures.

### Idea 4

1. **Explain your idea for a class project.**  
A bare-bones compiler/interpreter formatted in a game-like sense that accepts a file as input and hopefully provides a number of case-by-case solutions to common python errors.
2. **How is the idea connected to computer science?**  
It is directly tied to code compilation and attampts to allow users to 'teach themselves' by participating in a code-like game
3. **What is the article's reference to support this idea? Note: Articles are no older than five years**  
_Learning by Taking Apart: Deconstructing Code by Reading, Tracing, and Debugging_ is the title of the piece, need I say more?
4. **What is the central thesis to the article?**  
"This paper argues that several lines of research support the premise that people who are learning to write code to spec can learn more efficiently if deconstructionist activities (reading, tracing, and debugging) are incorporated in the learning process." --Quoted from Griffin, P. 151.
5. **How will this article support your idea?**  
This article doesn't simply support the idea, but provides a baseline of research on the background proposing that the style of learning propogated by the proposed project. In short, the article provides a peer-reviewed and researched background as to _why_ we would pursue a project such as this.  
[article](http://delivery.acm.org/10.1145/2980000/2978231/p148-griffin.pdf?ip=141.195.69.30&id=2978231&acc=ACTIVE%20SERVICE&key=A792924B58C015C1%2E8BFE97D7B60D9F36%2E4D4702B0C3E38B35%2E4D4702B0C3E38B35&__acm__=1540952916_985f5fe5bd3d0a94806a242db35ab67a)

### Idea 5
1) Explain your idea for a class project.

2) How is the idea connected to computer science?

3) What is the article's reference to support this idea? Note: Articles are no older than five years

4) What is the central thesis to the article?

5) How will this article support your idea?
